_readme

Brown’s Steam-Power Job Printing Office, Benefit of the Eminent American Tragedian and Comedian Mr. J.E. Murdoch, Ledger Buildings Philadelphia, November 1855, "University of Pennsylvania, Kislak Center for Special Collections, Rare Books and Manuscripts,"

Catalog: https://find.library.upenn.edu/catalog/9970647313503681?hld_id=resource_link_0

Colenda: https://colenda.library.upenn.edu/catalog/81431-p39h5v


The metadata that I recorded for my playbill was specifically chosen for the following reasons. I used the ID and File Name categories to identify each file and make it clear what section of the playbill I was referring to for the accesser. The description category was chosen to provide an overall assessment of what each page/file contained. The last two categories were Intended Audience and Historical Context and I included them to go further than the description section in terms of truly detailing the playbill and its contents. Overall, I made the choices that I did in order to describe and classify the playbill to the best of my ability using the pieces of content that left the most prominent impressions on me.


For true digitization and preservation purposes a more careful hand transcription should be done. This will allow each detail and aspect of any source to be preserved to the most authentic extents possible. Librarians should be the one doing this work and if possible the libraries that they work for should cover these costs. For example there are some aspects such as fonts, colors, graphics (ie tables)that cannot be accurately transcribed with OCR. The OCR I ran was mostly accurate. It didn’t preserve formatting on the page, all capitalizations, and the small sized pieces of text at the bottom of the playbill. There were overall very few updates I had to make to the OCR produced transcription, and the things I had to change were very simple and easy to add/fix. My playbill didn’t have graphics, tables, or charts that I had to make note of in the transcription. Overall in order to generate the transcription I simply ran an OCR, pasted the text into a document, and split my screen in half with the right side being the Colenda image and the left side being my transcription document and I compared each and every single line of the two.

